L10/L10_notes.md, before:

```
# Notes template (To remove)
This is the first para
&nbsp; This is the 2nd para
&ensp; &ensp; This is the 3rd para (both ensp and nbsp acheives the samee indent effect)
> (This is a blockquote) This is the 4th para
```

---

# Lesson 10 -- Lesson Title

`~~Date: 9 NOV 2024, SAT (MORNING)~~`
`Status: WIP`

### [Summary]

_(To summarise at the end of the lesson)_  
Some learning points:

1. LP 1
2. LP 2

### [Useful Links]

## Today's Agenda

1. Recap (flexbox)
2. Intro to Bootstrap
3. Assignment Check-in(Fig Jam)
4. Item 3

## 01 -- RECAP - flexbox

- Either use bootstrap or flexbox for responsive layouts
- Flex container  
  &ensp;&ensp;- every item in the container treated equally  
  &ensp;&ensp;- Flex items, flex containers

- Types of layouts
  &ensp;&ensp; - For desktop viewing
  &ensp;&ensp; - For app viewing

## 02 -- Bootstrap

- Take note if it is version 4 or 5 --> always use version 5  
  &ensp;&ensp; - as only versions 5 uses flexbox behind the scenes  
  &ensp;&ensp; - when playing with html, think in terms of boxes

- Project  
  &ensp;&ensp; - Need to plan project  
  &ensp;&ensp; - And make sure to do wireframe

## 03 --

## 04 --

## 05 --

## 06 --

## zz -- Garble Garble...

xx -- Interesting ways to implement code

---

> Code 1

```
For multiline code highlighting, keep it sandwiched between 2 3xbackticks
```

> Code 2

```
Well this has been interesting
```

> Code 3

```
Hope I take better notes with this in the future :3
```

yy -- Markdown Reference

---

[Markdown Cheat Sheet] (https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/markdown-cheatsheet)

Commit message:

L10 - update notes and simple-bootstrap.html

L10/L10_notes.md, after:

```
# Notes template (To remove)
This is the first para
&nbsp; This is the 2nd para
&ensp; &ensp; This is the 3rd para (both ensp and nbsp acheives the samee indent effect)
> (This is a blockquote) This is the 4th para
```

---

# Lesson 10 -- Lesson Title

`~~Date: 9 NOV 2024, SAT (MORNING)~~`
`Status: WIP`

### [Summary]

_(To summarise at the end of the lesson)_  
Some learning points:

1. LP 1
2. LP 2

### [Useful Links]

1. [Animate.css](https://animate.style) --> For animating CSS
2. [Chart.js](https://www.chartjs.org) --> JS library for the modern web
3. [BootStrap Utilities Notation](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/borders/)

## Today's Agenda

1. Recap (flexbox)
2. Intro to Bootstrap
3. Assignment Check-in(Fig Jam)
4. Item 3

## 01 -- RECAP - flexbox

- Either use bootstrap or flexbox for responsive layouts
- Flex container  
  &ensp;&ensp;- every item in the container treated equally  
  &ensp;&ensp;- Flex items, flex containers

- Types of layouts  
  &ensp;&ensp; - For desktop viewing  
  &ensp;&ensp; - For app viewing

## 02 -- Bootstrap

- Take note if it is version 4 or 5 --> always use version 5  
  &ensp;&ensp; - as only versions 5 uses flexbox behind the scenes  
  &ensp;&ensp; - when playing with html, think in terms of boxes

- Bootstrap Tutorial

  - [Img sizing / fill guide](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/object-fit)
  - Typically people use "Cover'

- Definition & Notations in Bootstrap
  - [Utilities](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/utilities/borders/)

## 03 --

## 04 --

## 05 --

## 06 --

## Project Things:

- Project  
  &ensp;&ensp; - Need to plan project (This is what takes up the most of the time)  
  &ensp;&ensp; - And make sure to do wireframe

## zz -- Garble Garble...

- Reflection on skills learnt so far...
  - so far we learnt how to take user input and use it to call api. But have not learnt how to STORE user input
  - also have not learnt how to include code

xx -- Interesting ways to implement code

---

> Code 1

```
For multiline code highlighting, keep it sandwiched between 2 3xbackticks
```

> Code 2

```
Well this has been interesting
```

> Code 3

```
Hope I take better notes with this in the future :3
```

yy -- Markdown Reference

---

[Markdown Cheat Sheet] (https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/markdown-cheatsheet)
